# Changelog 999 Catenda - Month, YYY

> Template not to be published

Hello everyone,

Write a personalized message here. It should involve the season we are in, what we have been up to, what has happened since the last changelog. Or just a personal funny joke. ❄️⛄☃️🥶🧊🎿⛸️🏒⛷️🏂🏔️🌨️

## 1. **Articles**

As new features roll out and bugs are fixed articles are updated with the changes that are made. Please find the following articles that have been made and changed since the last changelog.

### 1.1 **New articles:**

**Getting started**

**Account management**

**Product Features**

**Troubleshooting**

**Tutorials and guides**

**Frequently Asked Questions**

### 1.2 **Articles that have changed:**

**Getting started**

**Account management**

**Product Features**

**Troubleshooting**

**Tutorials and guides**

**Frequently Asked Questions**

## 2. **New videos in playlists**

- Getting started
    - [Video - User onboarding & support](https://eu.guidde.com/share/playlists/gL4N5E4aGEYqk3nojjPpq7?track_link_name=Intercom&track_link_id=vrc3txAqpnzG21ahEDofSs&origin=7PqdD6oPp9QLchKHNkCwDH3opRS2)
    - [Video - Project navigation](https://eu.guidde.com/share/playlists/raHoQ3qwoDbNx18S5YZtDv?track_link_name=Intercom&track_link_id=rHg8xpibRQegGuksgmT5nA&origin=7PqdD6oPp9QLchKHNkCwDH3opRS2)
    - [Video - Content management](https://eu.guidde.com/share/playlists/v2QNmY2iHDMVZd96ePzVQ7?track_link_name=Intercom&track_link_id=khM8GzpkYf6nta8Y46UGED&origin=7PqdD6oPp9QLchKHNkCwDH3opRS2)
    - [Video - Project setup](https://eu.guidde.com/share/playlists/9EG9WZEd2UiGMPZVVQfHuR?track_link_name=Intercom&track_link_id=ouZFRWrWkT82un7JZcNcZD&origin=7PqdD6oPp9QLchKHNkCwDH3opRS2)
- Product features
    - Topics
    - Documents
    - Libraries
    - Catenda Plugins and integrations

## 3. **Bugs Resolved**

Thanks to your valuable feedback we have been able to squash many topics that you may or may not have noticed existed. Below is a list of smaller changes that have been made by the development team as a result of conversations with users.

### 3.1 **Documents**

### 3.2 **Models**

### 3.3 **Project settings**

## 4. **User voices completed**

### 4.1 **Documents**

### 4.2 **Models**

## 5. **New releases** - Plugins and integrations

_Catenda Site v9.9.9:_ [App store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/catenda-site/id1449579790) [Play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=no.catenda.bimsyncmobile) Some info about what has changed.
