# Sorting order strategies

While the order of some lists can be altered by dragging on anchors and releasing elements in the right place it is not always possible to manually change the order of elements. Many factors can go into deciding which characters to start the naming of elements with so they end up in the right order. In this case a naming convention can help sort the list.

## 1. Separating sort characters

People might consider characters meant for sorting as part of a word. With this strategy it is therefore best to separate the sort characters with a special character like `\_`

## 2. Very first element

The first character of unicode is space. While it will work to put a `space` in front of elements in some lists this often does not work as many tools, including Catenda, tends to remove all whitespace characters at the beginning and end of elements.

_Exclamation mark_ The best character to use to ensure your element comes very first in the list is therefore to use `!` `!` can be seen as a warning sign for many and is therefore often not desireable.

**Example** !\_Element\_name, (...)

## 3. Before roman characters

## 4. Only using roman or latin characters

Different functions are often attached to non-latin characters. While these work in Catenda there might not be support for non-latin characters in file navigation tools, authoring tools or methods for creating zip files.

If your goal is to maintain compatability outside of Catenda the safest bet is to start your elements with a latin character.

_Challenges_ With latin characters there are some challenges to consider: Capital latin characters come before lowercase latin characters. It is therefore best to start elements with capital A and to end with lowercase z.

Latin characters are often competing with other words. It is therefore best to start elements with multiple of the same latin character AAA and end with zzz. Because multiple characters are used at the beginning of the line more characters are often cut off at the end of the line where only a set amount of characts is shown in a limited amount of space. Many therefore consider using special characters instead of latin characters.

International characters come after latin characters in the list. Even so this strategy is still a good one as intenational characters are often not compatiable or misinterpreted outside of Catenda.

**Example** AAA\_Element-name, (...), zzz\_Element-name

## 5. After roman characters

### 5.1 Compatible

After the regular roman characters there are many variations of latin characters with different accents and combinanations. Many of these come from various international languages which are not always supported by tools outside of Catenda.

If compatibility outside of Catenda is important it is recommended to use one of the caracters after the latin characters in this list: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code\_page\_437 These characters can be show by most graphics cards, even without operating system. The first character that comes after the latin character variations in this list is `⌐`. If none of the characters in this list match another standard to look at is UTF-8 which is supported by most software. https://www.fileformat.info/info/charset/UTF-8/list.htm

### 5.2 Non compatible

After the regular roman characters there are many variations of roman characters with different accents and combinanations that are used in international languages. The character ֍ from the Armenian alphabet is the first character after all these latin variations and can be used to make sure your element comes after all of these.

## 6. Very last element

This is the very last unicode character as of this writing: 🩭 It is the character for the XiangQi black soldier from the game elephant chess or Chinese chess. To be 100% sure the element is the last one add as many of these as possible since more characters also means the element ends up further down the list.

Om du ønsker å forsikre at noe kommer helt til slutt i Catenda uansett på om det er støtte utenfor Catenda liker jeg å bruke japanske tegn for de har masse rare og er ganske langt ned i listen. For eksempel legger jeg i mitt testprosjekt dette tegnet foran alt jeg vil ha sist i listen: ・
