# Demo of AI assist

## 1. How to Use Catenda Hub's Document Collection Feature

A document collection is a new feature to organise documents available in Catenda Hub.

Catenda Hub has a wide variety of documents for you to explore. To help you easily find and organize documents, we have just released a new document collection feature. With document collection, you can create collections and share them with other users. By doing this, you can make sure everyone involved in a project can access the documents they need, whenever they need it.

### 1.1 How to Create a Document Collection

Creating a document collection is easy. All you have to do is:

You'll now be able to easily access your documents and keep track of changes. We recommend creating different collections for different projects, so you can easily switch between them.

### 1.2 Conclusion

Using Catenda Hub's Document Collection feature is an efficient way to keep documents organized and easily accessible for anyone involved in a project. Instead of digging through documents, your team can simply access the documents they need from a single, organized collection.

## 2. Using Our API

At Bimsync, we provide an Application Program Interface (API) that enables customer service representatives to effortlessly access customer information within a few easy steps.

A customer service representative can use the API to extract customer information through coding in JavaScript and software programming languages.

For example, here is a sample code from our API:

Description

Represents a User, Organization or Team.

A _User_ is someone with a Catenda account, commonly representing a person.

An _Organization_ represents a company, project organization or an application. Organizations do not have a username and cannot sign in to Catenda.

A _Team_ represents a group of users within a project. Teams do not have a username and cannot sign in to Catenda.

### 2.1 Fields

<div class="intercom-interblocks-table-container"><table role="presentation"><tbody><tr><td><p></p><p>Name</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>Type</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>Description</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>avatarUrl</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>String</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>The URL for the users avatar.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>createdAt</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p><a class="intercom-content-link" href="https://bimsync.com/developers/reference/api/v2#dates">Date</a></p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>The date and time the user was created.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>id</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>String</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>A unique identifier for a user. Represented as compacted UUID using 32 hexadecimal characters.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>name</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>String</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>The name of the user. Limited to 128 characters.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td><p></p><p>username</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>String</p><p></p></td><td><p></p><p>The handle the user identifies with. If the User represents an organization or a team the value is always <b>null</b>. Commonly the username will be in email address format. Usernames are unique but subject to change. Use <i>id</i> as an identifier when possible. Limited to 50 characters.</p><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table></div>
